well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so the president said something
the media didn't really comment on it
they didn't uh least not to my
satisfaction me it was terrifying
he said he's cutting off aid to these
countries in Central America because
they're not doing their job they're not
stopping their people from coming here
and that's scary that is scary and a lot
of people don't understand why I think
it's scary so let me explain let me put
that in a different way the President of
the United States said that he believed
it was the head of state's job to stop
people from leaving their country in
case you're still not getting it
the man who wants to build a wall along
our southern border and militarize it
said that he believed it was his duty as
a head of state to keep you in the
United States if need be I've said it
from the beginning that wall works both
ways it will be used to keep Americans
in there's nothing out of context about
what he said it was real clear that's
the job it's their job and they're not
doing it so they're gonna lose that aid
right now you may be saying you can't
think of a situation in which you'd want
to leave the United States maybe that's
true but did you ever think that you
wouldn't be able to this is the slow
creep of tyranny you know the face of
tyranny is always mild at first and it's
just now starting to smile at us what he
said is terrifying now I know there's
still a whole lot of people who consider
themselves to be Patriots that support
this man if you believe in the ideals of
freedom and liberty you can't if you've
chosen to you've sold out your ideals
and your principles and your country
for a red hat and a cute slogan that
wall is a prison wall it's not a border
wall it's gonna work both ways it's
gonna keep you in anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day